# TSS overview

## Table of contents

- [Service description](#service-description)
- [Protocol](#protocol)
- [Transfer Initiation](#transfer-initiation)
- [Service Configuration](#service-configuration)
- [Running The Service](#running-the-service)

---

## Service description
Threshold signature service provides the processing and signing of the deposited token transfers to another chains.

To perform cross-chain transfers, all operations should be signed with ECDSA secp256k1 threshold (t-n) signature.
This signature is generated by the TSS network that consists of several parties (validators) that are running this service.

Validators communicate with each other to:
- generate the party secret shares for "obtaining" the general system private key;
- validate incoming transfers (deposit requests);
- form the pool of the withdrawal transactions and data to be signed on the current signing "session";
- sign the formed data required to perform the cross-chain transfer.
- optionally, to broadcast the signed withdrawal transactions (if any) to the network.

The TSS network requires a several parties launched by different validators.
The minimum number of active parties required to sign the data is defined by the threshold value T.

--- 

## Protocol

System protocol is designed to provide the secure and reliable cross-chain transfers based on TSS signing process.
It operates [tss-lib](https://github.com/bnb-chain/tss-lib) library for threshold signature generation.
Protocol implements secure messaging transport layer to provide the communication between parties according to the library requirements and recommendations.

More details about the protocol design can be found in the [document](./02_protocol.md).

---

## Transfer Initiation

To start with, the user should perform deposit operation on the source chain.
It also should contain the memo with the required information about transfer parameters (destination address, chain id etc.) to be processed by the TSS network.
See the [Performing Deposit](./03_performing-deposit) for more details on how to make a deposit for each supported network.

To initiate the transfer processing, the user should provide any of the available parties with the deposit operation data:
- transaction hash;
- transaction nonce (event index, VOUT of transfer etc.);
- source chain id.

After receiving the deposit data, the TSS network will start the process of withdrawal execution.

---

## Service Configuration

Service configuration is based on the configuration file that should be provided to the service during the launch or commands execution.
The configuration file contains the service settings, network settings, and other required parameters.
Additionally, the [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) is used to store the most sensitive data like keys, shares etc.
See the [Configuration](./04_configuration.md) docs for more details on how to configure the system.

---

## Running The Service

Service can be run in two main modes: keygen and signing.
Also, the service can execute additional commands like database migrations, message signing, etc.

Check the available commands and flags in the [CLI documentation](../cmd/README.md).

Check the [Running service documentation](./05_running-service.md) for more details on how to run the service in different modes.


